Now as they say an image is worth a thousand words and there's no place there that's more true than
on a Kickstarter campaign.
So most people like to put images into the main body of their campaign text.
And if you have a look at people's campaigns you'll see that they have image after image after image
where all of the images are showing people some sort of perk or some sort of feature of the thing that
they'll be pledging for.
So these are all the thing that you can do with pebble.
And for any backer who's usually just scrolling through very very fast you're pausing occasionally on
the images you're going to see what each of these features are.
And by the end of scrolling you might already be convinced and ready make an impulse pledge.
Now you also have the types of people who like to read in detail about the technology about the features
about what are the specs.
But you want to address both of these parties and your description and the images are great for people
who don't have a lot of time who just want to get the gist of what your project is about.
And I'm certainly guilty of being one of those types of people.
So whereas a lot of my friends have all these spreadsheets where you know when they buy a camera they'll
compare and contrast everything from different makers and build the spreadsheet over a mom liberating
over I'm more of the impulse buy.
I will look at a couple and you know know where my heart is at basically.
Now that might not be a great way of choosing cameras especially high end products but it's just something
that a lot of people do.
So you want to make sure that you have a whole bunch of images that shows off what are the top features
of your product that people can see at a glance and they can understand they can get it straight away.
So another thing that you want to create images for all your pledged is now in Kickstarter it's very
very easy to get carried away with your pledged is and there's a lot of projects that have something
like 30 pledged his now one of the things like human psychology is that the more choices we have the
harder it is to make a choice.
And we actually end up avoiding making a choice at all.
It was cool decision process.
So when you go into a high end shop and you see maybe two handbags is very easy to pick a or b.
Right.
But if you go into a shop where there's millions of handbags then it's almost impossible to pick any
one out of the other.
Now some people enjoy browsing but I'm more of the sort of person who just likes to compare A and B
and make my decision.
So there's a lot of people like that on crowdfunding Web sites as well.
So you want to be able to show people a very intuitive visual way of seeing what they might want to
pledge.
So for the coolest cool they had this really nice infographics almost which shows people what they're
going to get for $5 or for fifty five dollars or for $185.
And it's just a really easy at a glance guide where people don't have to read through pages and pages
of each of your reward tiers to understand what they want to pledge for when there's many many options
and things aren't getting confusing.
And your target market are probably engineers then it might make sense just to make a little chart where
you can see what you're going to get with each tear.
And if you've seen cooking for engineers this is an approach that can work for a particular type of
demographic.
Now it's also a format that might scare you know your mother.
And so it depends entirely on who your target market is how you're going to create this infographics.
Now a really great tool for producing all of these images and graphics is a Web site called Kanva.
So Canada is free to use and it has a whole bunch of design templates that you can just drag and drop
things and rearrange things you don't need to have really any design skills really because everything's
laid out on screen for you.
So we have no affiliation with it is just a tool.
I really like using.
So you can check it out.
Camera dot com and you start playing around and creating your own infographics.
Now I'm going to quickly show you and I'm going to quickly show you how it works.
Now when you go to come dot com and you click on create a design these common dimension.
So you've got things like Facebook post or social media which means Instagram square format or a poster
or Twitter posts a whole bunch of things.
I'll leave you to explore.
But in terms of creating your packages for your Kickstarter projects one of the best things I've found
is actually there infa graphic template.
So it's just down here the blogging and e-books and if you click on it it'll create this blank design
for you and you can see that there's a whole bunch of infa graphic templates that they've got on here
that you can just simply drag and drop onto your canvas.
Now there's five reasons to give charity infographics that really really nice template for creating
your different packages.
And if I just zoom in on here you can see that it's already got all the funds embedded.
And you can change these just simply by editing them.
And the great thing is that they've already formatted and find everything so that it looks pretty stunning
and all you have to do is just go in and change the text and do a little bit of dragging and dropping.
So that's just a really really easy way of creating your very own package graphics using kantha.
Now the next thing to think about is that if an image is worth a thousand words then a GIF or an animated
image is worth maybe 2000 words.
This is a gif from the Lumiere campaign and it shows so beautifully how their product works without
having to explain anything at all.
It's like a book and when you unfold it it's a lamp.
So it's incredibly beautiful.
And I would highly recommend that you consider trying to create gifts for your product as well.
So in our campaign we actually created an animated gif of some of the ways that we use to explain certain
programming concepts.
So the idea is that we wanted to show people that programming isn't intimidating at all and pretty much
anybody can learn to code or to create their own apps.
So we borrowed one of our animations from our course in order to show people how arrays work.
And it's just a really really simple animation.
I'm going to show you how you can create your own.
So there's a Mac app called Cliffie which allows you to basically record your screen and if there's
a video playing in the background you can capture a few seconds of that action and allows you to save
it while upload it onto that Web site is really really easy to use and it's completely free.